README.md, before:

# Getting Started: Account Aggregator Connector Project

This is a starting point account aggregator connector - to gain access to accounts and transactions that are external to your core.

- These external accounts are retrieved within your connector, then merged into existing core accounts.
- Optionally, your connector methods can receive core data. This would be required if there are Stub records in the core for your external accounts.

## Setting up your developer environment:

- IDE - Visual Studio Code: [Install Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
  - Visual Studio Code Plugins:
    - [Docker - Docker Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PeterJausovec.vscode-docker)
      - Requires: [Docker Install](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
      - Tutorial: [Vs Docker Tutorial](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-container)
    - Java Tools - Can all be installed via the [Java Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack)
      - [Maven - Maven for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven)
      - [Java - Language Support for Java toolkit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.java)
      - [Java - Java Debugging](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-debug)
    - SpringBoot Support [Springboot Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Pivotal.vscode-boot-dev-pack)
- Docker: [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
- Java: [Java Install](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/download_options.xml)
- Maven: [Install Maven](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)

## Running connector locally

- Build Connector -

  - Download and install the "ServiceCommon" project from the developers portal documents and resources.
  - Open Terminal/Command Prompt:
  - Navigate to the root of your connector project(directory with the pom.xml and src folder)
  - Enter the following commands:

    ```
        "mvn -version" -- Confirms maven is installed
        "mvn install" -- Builds project, installs dependencies to local repo

    ```

    ![picture](Reference/image.png)

  ```
   {
     "method": "POST",
     "url": "http://docker.prodadp.cdp-web.com:8080/externalConnector/demoatmfinder/1.0/getatmlist",
     "json": true,
     "headers": {
         "content-type": "application/json"
     },
     "body": {
         "externalServicePayload": {
             "requestType": {
                 "connector": "demoatmfinder",
                 "version": "1.0",
                 "method": "getatmlist"
             },
             "payload": {
                 "valuePair": [{
                     "name": "httpMethod",
                     "value": "GET"
                 }, {
                     "name": "resourceUrl",
                     "value": "/locator/proximitysearch"
                 }]
             }
         },
         "connectorParametersResponse": {
             "parameters": {
                 "valuePair": [{
                     "name": "org",
                     "value": "73876E4A-2C06-4612-8BC5-12887895AB87"
                 }, {
                     "name": "userId",
                     "value": ""
                 }, {
                     "name": "tileCode",
                     "value": "8B1E042E-CAC0-434B-991C-FC25C1E07BAC"
                 }, {
                     "name": "latitude",
                     "value": "35.83253357394019"
                 }, {
                     "name": "longitude",
                     "value": "-78.62223171161654"
                 }, {
                     "name": "maxRadius",
                     "value": "20"
                 }, {
                     "name": "connectorName",
                     "value": "demoatmfinder"
                 }, {
                     "name": "connectorVersion",
                     "value": "1.0"
                 }, {
                     "name": "connectorMethod",
                     "value": "getatmlist"
                 }, {
                     "name": "url",
                     "value": "https://api.co-opfs.org"
                 }, {
                     "name": "authorization",
                     "value": "hurY2KqGC3d8BRb"
                 }, {
                     "name": "demo",
                     "value": "false"
                 }, {
                     "name": "version",
                     "value": "1"
                 }]
             },
             "method": {
                 "parameters": {
                     "valuePair": []
                 },
                 "isValid": true
             },
             "connectorController": ""
         },
         "response": "",
         "responseStatus": {
             "statusCode": "",
             "statusDescription": "",
             "status": "",
             "statusReason": "",
             "requiredFields": []
         }
     }
  }
  ```

## How to deploy

## Build script
```
run `python3 build-deploy.py <name of deployed connector> <version of deployed connector>`
```
## Local Structure example

```
basic_connector_sample/
├─ Dockerfile/
├─ lib/
├─ pom.xml/
├─ readme
├─ src/
├─ target/
```

## Portal Upload Structure

- The portal is only expecting the following required files at the time of upload ```externalconnector.zip``` ```pom.xml``` ```Dockerfile```

```
externalconnector.zip/ - Contains all the java code to build a project in a springboot self-contained application.
```
```
pom.xml/ - Includes all of the dependencies required to build the Java project.
```
```
Dockerfile/ - allows scripting to be performed in the container at deployment time. Only CDP can update this file in the portal
```

### externalconnector.zip structure:
```
src/: Java code that implements the third-party service
lib/: assets for monitoring the connector
├─ env.sh
├─ dd-java-agent.jar

For SOAP services:

- Supporting WSDL contract file and .xsd files
- A JAR file containing all the java files generated by the WSDL
```

## Upload Error Troubleshooting

- Make sure the name and version of your connector is reflected accurately in all of the connector assets uploaded to the portal

- BOTH lib/ and src/ directories should be packaged(compressed) together at the same level, in a ```externalconnector.zip``` for upload

## Spring profiles

Spring Profiles are used to activate different implementations of ConnectorLogging Beans. If you choose to use VS Code as your IDE, a lauch.json file is included that will make use of the "local" profile to print logs to the IDE output console.

Commit message:

LP-55 add best practices section to readme

README.md, after:

# Getting Started: Account Aggregator Connector Project

This is a starting point account aggregator connector - to gain access to accounts and transactions that are external to your core.

- These external accounts are retrieved within your connector, then merged into existing core accounts.
- Optionally, your connector methods can receive core data. This would be required if there are Stub records in the core for your external accounts.

## Best practices

- We recommend using the [Use this template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) feature to create a new repository.

- Cloning or forking is a satisfactory alternative.

- Any changes to the connector should be contained to your copy of the connector project only. You should never push any commits (and associated branches) to this repo.

## Setting up your developer environment:

- IDE - Visual Studio Code: [Install Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
  - Visual Studio Code Plugins:
    - [Docker - Docker Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=PeterJausovec.vscode-docker)
      - Requires: [Docker Install](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
      - Tutorial: [Vs Docker Tutorial](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/java/java-container)
    - Java Tools - Can all be installed via the [Java Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack)
      - [Maven - Maven for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-maven)
      - [Java - Language Support for Java toolkit](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.java)
      - [Java - Java Debugging](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-debug)
    - SpringBoot Support [Springboot Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Pivotal.vscode-boot-dev-pack)
- Docker: [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
- Java: [Java Install](https://www.java.com/en/download/help/download_options.xml)
- Maven: [Install Maven](https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi)

## Running connector locally

- Build Connector -

  - Download and install the "ServiceCommon" project from the developers portal documents and resources.
  - Open Terminal/Command Prompt:
  - Navigate to the root of your connector project(directory with the pom.xml and src folder)
  - Enter the following commands:

    ```
        "mvn -version" -- Confirms maven is installed
        "mvn install" -- Builds project, installs dependencies to local repo

    ```

    ![picture](Reference/image.png)

  ```
   {
     "method": "POST",
     "url": "http://docker.prodadp.cdp-web.com:8080/externalConnector/demoatmfinder/1.0/getatmlist",
     "json": true,
     "headers": {
         "content-type": "application/json"
     },
     "body": {
         "externalServicePayload": {
             "requestType": {
                 "connector": "demoatmfinder",
                 "version": "1.0",
                 "method": "getatmlist"
             },
             "payload": {
                 "valuePair": [{
                     "name": "httpMethod",
                     "value": "GET"
                 }, {
                     "name": "resourceUrl",
                     "value": "/locator/proximitysearch"
                 }]
             }
         },
         "connectorParametersResponse": {
             "parameters": {
                 "valuePair": [{
                     "name": "org",
                     "value": "73876E4A-2C06-4612-8BC5-12887895AB87"
                 }, {
                     "name": "userId",
                     "value": ""
                 }, {
                     "name": "tileCode",
                     "value": "8B1E042E-CAC0-434B-991C-FC25C1E07BAC"
                 }, {
                     "name": "latitude",
                     "value": "35.83253357394019"
                 }, {
                     "name": "longitude",
                     "value": "-78.62223171161654"
                 }, {
                     "name": "maxRadius",
                     "value": "20"
                 }, {
                     "name": "connectorName",
                     "value": "demoatmfinder"
                 }, {
                     "name": "connectorVersion",
                     "value": "1.0"
                 }, {
                     "name": "connectorMethod",
                     "value": "getatmlist"
                 }, {
                     "name": "url",
                     "value": "https://api.co-opfs.org"
                 }, {
                     "name": "authorization",
                     "value": "hurY2KqGC3d8BRb"
                 }, {
                     "name": "demo",
                     "value": "false"
                 }, {
                     "name": "version",
                     "value": "1"
                 }]
             },
             "method": {
                 "parameters": {
                     "valuePair": []
                 },
                 "isValid": true
             },
             "connectorController": ""
         },
         "response": "",
         "responseStatus": {
             "statusCode": "",
             "statusDescription": "",
             "status": "",
             "statusReason": "",
             "requiredFields": []
         }
     }
  }
  ```

## How to deploy

## Build script
```
run `python3 build-deploy.py <name of deployed connector> <version of deployed connector>`
```
## Local Structure example

```
basic_connector_sample/
├─ Dockerfile/
├─ lib/
├─ pom.xml/
├─ readme
├─ src/
├─ target/
```

## Portal Upload Structure

- The portal is only expecting the following required files at the time of upload ```externalconnector.zip``` ```pom.xml``` ```Dockerfile```

```
externalconnector.zip/ - Contains all the java code to build a project in a springboot self-contained application.
```
```
pom.xml/ - Includes all of the dependencies required to build the Java project.
```
```
Dockerfile/ - allows scripting to be performed in the container at deployment time. Only CDP can update this file in the portal
```

### externalconnector.zip structure:
```
src/: Java code that implements the third-party service
lib/: assets for monitoring the connector
├─ env.sh
├─ dd-java-agent.jar

For SOAP services:

- Supporting WSDL contract file and .xsd files
- A JAR file containing all the java files generated by the WSDL
```

## Upload Error Troubleshooting

- Make sure the name and version of your connector is reflected accurately in all of the connector assets uploaded to the portal

- BOTH lib/ and src/ directories should be packaged(compressed) together at the same level, in a ```externalconnector.zip``` for upload

## Spring profiles

Spring Profiles are used to activate different implementations of ConnectorLogging Beans. If you choose to use VS Code as your IDE, a lauch.json file is included that will make use of the "local" profile to print logs to the IDE output console.
